        hackbytes.com-dependencies d0.1 for hackbytes.com v0.1

This is the submodule repository containing tools used by hackbytes.com.
The master repository can be found at:

http://github.com/byronsanchez/hackbytes.com

INSTRUCTIONS

  To use this as a dependency for hackbytes.com, you must add this to the
  vendor/ directory of the hackbytes.com root directory.

  To add this repository to the hackbytes.com repository as a submodule:

    cd hackbytes.com
    git submodule add https://github.com/byronsanchez/hackbytes.com-dependencies.git vendor
    git commit -m 'first commit with submodule hackbytes.com-dependencies'

  Afterwards, you can install the packaged gems by running:

    bundle install

  If you want to install the packaged gems in the vendor directory, as
  opposed to having them installed directly on your system, run:

    bundle install --deployment

  Note that this command will enable a persistent switch that makes
  bundler look for the installed gems in the vendor directory. See the
  bundler documentation for more information:

    http://gembundler.com/

STRUCTURE

  Here is how the vendor/ tree is structured.

    /         - contains all applications needed to run an instance of
                hackbytes.com. Also contains licenses for these
                applications, and in some cases, the source code.

    LICENSES/ - contains all the necessary distribution licenses for
                software written by other developers.

    cache/    - contains the ruby gems necessary for hackbytes.com.

    server/   - contains files and applications to be deployed to the
                server. This is so hackbytes.com runs properly when
                deployed on the server, as hackbytes.com contains some
                dynamic elements.

    src/      - contains source code for any application whose license
                requires the distribution of its source code.

    closure-compiler.jar - A javscript compiler.

    jekyll/   - A customized version of Jekyll that allows us to
                override a few core elements so hackbytes.com can
                compile in a certain way.
